README.md, before:

## TODO:

- Image uploading
- Change the delete button to be a normal button without a form
- Maybe make requests using fetch() instead of XMLHttpRequest

---

# Documentation

## Modules

<dl>
<dt><a href="#module_ButtonHandling">ButtonHandling</a></dt>
<dd><p>Functions wich set up the behaviour for the buttons in the page.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#module_Requests">Requests</a></dt>
<dd><p>Functions containing HTTP requests to my API.</p>
</dd>
</dl>

## Objects

<dl>
<dt><a href="#API_URLS">API_URLS</a> : <code>object</code></dt>
<dd><p>URLs of my API.</p>
<p>Every call to the API will be using these URLs so if any API endpoint changes. It can be easily modified here.</p>
</dd>
</dl>

---

<a name="module_ButtonHandling"></a>

## ButtonHandling

Functions wich set up the behaviour for the buttons in the page.

- [ButtonHandling](#module_ButtonHandling)
  - [.messageUploaderSetup(form)](#module_ButtonHandling.messageUploaderSetup)
  - [.messageDeleteSetup(formsArray)](#module_ButtonHandling.messageDeleteSetup)

<a name="module_ButtonHandling.messageUploaderSetup"></a>

### ButtonHandling.messageUploaderSetup(form)

Adds an event listener to the form in order to post a message when the submit button is clicked.

**Kind**: static method of [<code>ButtonHandling</code>](#module_ButtonHandling)

| Param | Type                     | Description                               |
| ----- | ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------- |
| form  | <code>HTMLElement</code> | The form object from the message uploader |

<a name="module_ButtonHandling.messageDeleteSetup"></a>

### ButtonHandling.messageDeleteSetup(formsArray)

Adds an event listener to every form in the array to delete the message when the delete button is clicked.

**Kind**: static method of [<code>ButtonHandling</code>](#module_ButtonHandling)

| Param      | Type                                          | Description                                                    |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| formsArray | <code>HTMLCollectionOf.&lt;Element&gt;</code> | An array containing a form HTMLElement for every delete button |

---

<a name="module_Requests"></a>

## Requests

Functions containing HTTP requests to my API.

- [Requests](#module_Requests)
  - _static_
    - [.listAll(listMessagesURL, callback)](#module_Requests.listAll)
    - [.postMessage(postMessageURL, author, message, [\_callback])](#module_Requests.postMessage)
    - [.deleteMessage(deleteMessageURL, id, [\_callback])](#module_Requests.deleteMessage)
  - _inner_
    - [~listAllCallback](#module_Requests..listAllCallback) : <code>function</code>
    - [~xhrResponseTextCallback](#module_Requests..xhrResponseTextCallback) : <code>function</code>

<a name="module_Requests.listAll"></a>

### Requests.listAll(listMessagesURL, callback)

Makes a GET request to the provided URL and parses the messages that the server returns.

It then sorts them by date (newest first) and stores JSX Messages in an array.

The array is passed as a parameter into the callback function if no error happened.

**Kind**: static method of [<code>Requests</code>](#module_Requests)

| Param           | Type                         | Description                           |
| --------------- | ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| listMessagesURL | <code>string</code>          | The URL to where it sends the request |
| callback        | <code>listAllCallback</code> | The callback function                 |

<a name="module_Requests.postMessage"></a>

### Requests.postMessage(postMessageURL, author, message, [_callback])

Makes a POST request to the provided URL with the author and message as a JSON encoded string.

If there are no errors, it should post a message to the database.

A JSON object containing xhr.responseText is passed as a parameter into the callback function if no error happened.

**Kind**: static method of [<code>Requests</code>](#module_Requests)

| Param          | Type                                 | Description                           |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------- |
| postMessageURL | <code>string</code>                  | The URL to where it sends the request |
| author         | <code>string</code>                  | Author of message                     |
| message        | <code>string</code>                  | Text from message                     |
| [_callback]    | <code>xhrResponseTextCallback</code> | The callback function                 |

<a name="module_Requests.deleteMessage"></a>

### Requests.deleteMessage(deleteMessageURL, id, [_callback])

Makes a POST request to the provided URL with the id as a JSON encoded string.

If there are no errors, ft should delete the message associated with that id from the database.

A JSON object containing xhr.responseText is passed as a parameter into the callback function if no error happened.

**Kind**: static method of [<code>Requests</code>](#module_Requests)

| Param            | Type                                 | Description                           |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------- |
| deleteMessageURL | <code>string</code>                  | The URL to where it sends the request |
| id               | <code>string</code>                  | ID of message                         |
| [_callback]      | <code>xhrResponseTextCallback</code> | The callback function                 |

<a name="module_Requests..listAllCallback"></a>

### Requests~listAllCallback : <code>function</code>

**Kind**: inner typedef of [<code>Requests</code>](#module_Requests)

| Param    | Type                               | Description           |
| -------- | ---------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| messages | <code>Array.&lt;Message&gt;</code> | Array of JSX Messages |

<a name="module_Requests..xhrResponseTextCallback"></a>

### Requests~xhrResponseTextCallback : <code>function</code>

**Kind**: inner typedef of [<code>Requests</code>](#module_Requests)

| Param    | Type                | Description                               |
| -------- | ------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| response | <code>object</code> | A JSON object containing xhr.responseText |

---

<a name="API_URLS"></a>

## API_URLS : <code>object</code>

URLs of my API.

Every call to the API will be using these URLs so if any API endpoint changes. It can be easily modified here.

**Kind**: global namespace

- [API_URLS](#API_URLS) : <code>object</code>
  - [.POST_MESSAGE_URL](#API_URLS.POST_MESSAGE_URL)
  - [.DELETE_MESSAGE_URL](#API_URLS.DELETE_MESSAGE_URL)
  - [.LIST_MESSAGES_URL](#API_URLS.LIST_MESSAGES_URL)

<a name="API_URLS.POST_MESSAGE_URL"></a>

### API_URLS.POST_MESSAGE_URL

Constant string storing URL for posting messages through my API.

**Kind**: static property of [<code>API_URLS</code>](#API_URLS)  
<a name="API_URLS.DELETE_MESSAGE_URL"></a>

### API_URLS.DELETE_MESSAGE_URL

Constant string storing URL for deleting messages through my API.

**Kind**: static property of [<code>API_URLS</code>](#API_URLS)  
<a name="API_URLS.LIST_MESSAGES_URL"></a>

### API_URLS.LIST_MESSAGES_URL

Constant string storing URL for getting a list of messages through my API.

**Kind**: static property of [<code>API_URLS</code>](#API_URLS)

Commit message:

Changed listAll() to be an async function

README.md, after:

## TODO:

- Image uploading
- Change the delete button to be a normal button without a form
- Maybe make requests using fetch() instead of XMLHttpRequest

---

# Documentation

## Modules

<dl>
<dt><a href="#module_ButtonHandling">ButtonHandling</a></dt>
<dd><p>Functions wich set up the behaviour for the buttons in the page.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#module_Requests">Requests</a></dt>
<dd><p>Functions containing HTTP requests to my API.</p>
</dd>
</dl>

## Objects

<dl>
<dt><a href="#API_URLS">API_URLS</a> : <code>object</code></dt>
<dd><p>URLs of my API.</p>
<p>Every call to the API will be using these URLs so if any API endpoint changes. It can be easily modified here.</p>
</dd>
</dl>

---

<a name="module_ButtonHandling"></a>

## ButtonHandling

Functions wich set up the behaviour for the buttons in the page.

- [ButtonHandling](#module_ButtonHandling)
  - [.messageUploaderSetup(form)](#module_ButtonHandling.messageUploaderSetup)
  - [.messageDeleteSetup(formsArray)](#module_ButtonHandling.messageDeleteSetup)

<a name="module_ButtonHandling.messageUploaderSetup"></a>

### ButtonHandling.messageUploaderSetup(form)

Adds an event listener to the form in order to post a message when the submit button is clicked.

**Kind**: static method of [<code>ButtonHandling</code>](#module_ButtonHandling)

| Param | Type                     | Description                               |
| ----- | ------------------------ | ----------------------------------------- |
| form  | <code>HTMLElement</code> | The form object from the message uploader |

<a name="module_ButtonHandling.messageDeleteSetup"></a>

### ButtonHandling.messageDeleteSetup(formsArray)

Adds an event listener to every form in the array to delete the message when the delete button is clicked.

**Kind**: static method of [<code>ButtonHandling</code>](#module_ButtonHandling)

| Param      | Type                                          | Description                                                    |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| formsArray | <code>HTMLCollectionOf.&lt;Element&gt;</code> | An array containing a form HTMLElement for every delete button |

---

<a name="module_Requests"></a>

## Requests

Functions containing HTTP requests to my API.

- [Requests](#module_Requests)
  - _static_
    - [.listAll(listMessagesURL)](#module_Requests.listAll) ⇒ <code>Promise</code>
    - [.postMessage(postMessageURL, author, message, [\_callback])](#module_Requests.postMessage)
    - [.deleteMessage(deleteMessageURL, id, [\_callback])](#module_Requests.deleteMessage)
  - _inner_
    - [~xhrResponseTextCallback](#module_Requests..xhrResponseTextCallback) : <code>function</code>

<a name="module_Requests.listAll"></a>

### Requests.listAll(listMessagesURL) ⇒ <code>Promise</code>

Makes a GET request to the provided URL and parses the messages that the server returns.

It then sorts them by date (newest first) and stores JSX Messages in an array.

Returns a promise of that array.

**Kind**: static method of [<code>Requests</code>](#module_Requests)  
**Returns**: <code>Promise</code> - Promise object representing an array of JSX Messages

| Param           | Type                | Description                           |
| --------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------- |
| listMessagesURL | <code>string</code> | The URL to where it sends the request |

<a name="module_Requests.postMessage"></a>

### Requests.postMessage(postMessageURL, author, message, [_callback])

Makes a POST request to the provided URL with the author and message as a JSON encoded string.

If there are no errors, it should post a message to the database.

A JSON object containing xhr.responseText is passed as a parameter into the callback function if no error happened.

**Kind**: static method of [<code>Requests</code>](#module_Requests)

| Param          | Type                                 | Description                           |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------- |
| postMessageURL | <code>string</code>                  | The URL to where it sends the request |
| author         | <code>string</code>                  | Author of message                     |
| message        | <code>string</code>                  | Text from message                     |
| [_callback]    | <code>xhrResponseTextCallback</code> | The callback function                 |

<a name="module_Requests.deleteMessage"></a>

### Requests.deleteMessage(deleteMessageURL, id, [_callback])

Makes a POST request to the provided URL with the id as a JSON encoded string.

If there are no errors, ft should delete the message associated with that id from the database.

A JSON object containing xhr.responseText is passed as a parameter into the callback function if no error happened.

**Kind**: static method of [<code>Requests</code>](#module_Requests)

| Param            | Type                                 | Description                           |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------- |
| deleteMessageURL | <code>string</code>                  | The URL to where it sends the request |
| id               | <code>string</code>                  | ID of message                         |
| [_callback]      | <code>xhrResponseTextCallback</code> | The callback function                 |

<a name="module_Requests..xhrResponseTextCallback"></a>

### Requests~xhrResponseTextCallback : <code>function</code>

**Kind**: inner typedef of [<code>Requests</code>](#module_Requests)

| Param    | Type                | Description                               |
| -------- | ------------------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| response | <code>object</code> | A JSON object containing xhr.responseText |

---

<a name="API_URLS"></a>

## API_URLS : <code>object</code>

URLs of my API.

Every call to the API will be using these URLs so if any API endpoint changes. It can be easily modified here.

**Kind**: global namespace

- [API_URLS](#API_URLS) : <code>object</code>
  - [.POST_MESSAGE_URL](#API_URLS.POST_MESSAGE_URL)
  - [.DELETE_MESSAGE_URL](#API_URLS.DELETE_MESSAGE_URL)
  - [.LIST_MESSAGES_URL](#API_URLS.LIST_MESSAGES_URL)

<a name="API_URLS.POST_MESSAGE_URL"></a>

### API_URLS.POST_MESSAGE_URL

Constant string storing URL for posting messages through my API.

**Kind**: static property of [<code>API_URLS</code>](#API_URLS)  
<a name="API_URLS.DELETE_MESSAGE_URL"></a>

### API_URLS.DELETE_MESSAGE_URL

Constant string storing URL for deleting messages through my API.

**Kind**: static property of [<code>API_URLS</code>](#API_URLS)  
<a name="API_URLS.LIST_MESSAGES_URL"></a>

### API_URLS.LIST_MESSAGES_URL

Constant string storing URL for getting a list of messages through my API.

**Kind**: static property of [<code>API_URLS</code>](#API_URLS)
